proposal: add default reducer example (#4)
timdeschryver/ngrx-etc: README.md

## `mutableOn`

Without the `mutableOn` function our `entityReducer` would look something like this.

```ts
const entityReducer = createReducer<{ entities: Record<number, { id: number; name: string }> }>(
  {
    entities: {},
  },
  on(create, (state, { type, ...entity }) => ({ 
    ...state, 
    entities: { ...state.entities, [entity.id]: entity }
  }),
  on(update, (state, { id, newName }) => {
    const entity = state.entities[id]
  
    if (entity) {
      return { 
        ...state, 
        entities: { 
          ...state.entities, 
          [entity.id]: { ...entity, name: newName } 
        }
      }
    }
    
    return state;
  },
  on(delete, (state, { id }) => {
    const { [id]: deletedEntity, ...rest } = state.entities;
    
    return { ...state, entities: rest };
  }),
)
```

> With the `mutableOn` function we are able to directly perform state mutations in reducers without all the boilerplate.

Reviewer: I would like the rephrase boilerplate, what do you think?

```suggestion
With the `mutableOn` function we are able to directly perform state mutations in reducers with less noise, and more concise code.
```

      entity.name = newName
    }
  }),

>   mutableOn(delete, (state, { id }) => {

Reviewer: Isn't `delete` a preserved keyword?
AFAIK this would lead to compile errors.

Author: Maybe use `remove` ?

Reviewer: Sounds good to me 👍
